https://github.com/emoose/OutRun2006Tweaks/issues/20#issuecomment-2231328011

New Clarissa and Holly Sprite Fix With Xbox, PlayStation and PC Prompts

This is a new and improved Clarissa (and Holly) texture pack (from the Lindbergh + Xbox textures and more accurate than the FTX pack). It is recommend to install this even if you want to use Clarissa's international appearance, as the base game uses some unfinished looking textures for both her and Holly, as detailed below. There are three variants for Clarissa's appearance (Holly's fixed appearance is the same in all packs), each with an option for PC, Xbox and PlayStation button prompts. This is all you need to use for fixed Clarissa and Holly sprites with console button prompts.

Complete with the higher quality original UI sprite pack for best results.

Clarissa and Holly Sprite Fix - Japanese
B - final
For use with the "RestoreJPClarissa" option on.
This includes Clarissa's Japanese outfit in three flavors. Minor edits were made to the Rank D sprite to incorporate bits from the international version for the most finished appearance (restores some hair they cut off when editing it).

Details
All three packs update Holly's appearance to use the correct, finished versions from the original Xbox version, instead of the unfinished versions used in C2C. Example below:
Sample1Sample2
For the main C2C menu, Sumo used an early, less finished render of Clarissa as detailed above. All three packs overlay the appropriate finished version, but her hair is largely the same as the retail game (shorter and less finished) as otherwise it would be cut off. Example below:
Sample Clarissa 1Sample Clarissa 2
For Clarissa, I overlaid the Xbox textures on top of the Lindbergh ones to filter out as much compression noise as possible. Only two of the textures needed to be resized (the main menu and rank AAA). Any additional textures used in her sprite sheets (Like the ending ranks) were then upgraded with better looking options from other ports, overlaying them as needed. I have similarly upgraded the rest of the game's UI with the higher quality original UI sprite pack, which I recommend using alongside this pack.

The Xbox and PS face button prompts come from the original Xbox Outrun 2 port and PS2 port with the triggers from the CC0 licensed (public domain) Xelu's Controller Prompts. The PS2 buttons are slightly scaled from their original size.

Change log:
v1: Initial
v2: Replaced a couple unique C2C textures with higher quality ones from the PS2 port (which I can get to rather haphazardly dump, even though it generates a lot of duplicates).
v3: Fixed the poor dropshadowing on the PS2 textures with the PC's alpha channel.
v4: Updated the Outrun 2 SP logo used on the main menu with a higher quality replacement and added the fixed Holly sprites.
v5: Fixed the variant of the Outrun 2 SP logo to closely match the original one used and grabbed PS2 textures for the remaining couple of chunky sprites left on Clarissa's sprite atlas.
v6: Fixed sprite cutoff on the button prompt for the "Congratulations" screen.
v7: Changed "Press Start" from Xbox/original arcade style to Lindbergh/SP style (from "Press Start Button" sprite).
v8: Updated to keep the original game's file structure so OutRun2006Tweaks can take advantage of the new TextureCache feature.
v9: Updated the PS/Xbox trigger prompts to use CC0 licensed ones and added the correct sprite for Holly's driver's license in case that feature is ever implemented.